# Go API client for portcast

**This documentation is for the latest version of the Portcast Bill of Lading Tracking API.**

There are two variables used in this documentation:
1. `api-url`: the url to use for accessing the API. The official url is `https://api.portcast.io`
2. `x-api-key`: the access token to send along with every request to the API. This key will be provided to each organisation upon API access activation

The general workflow is as below:

1. Create the bill of lading bookmark if it does not exist already (`POST {{api-url}}/api/v1/eta/bill-of-lading-bookmarks`).
2. A bookmark must contain `carrier_no`, `bl_no` and `cntr_no` information. This will return the bill of lading bookmark information created. Record the `id` field from the response.
3. Wait for predictions to be generated. This could take up to 5 mins.
5. Query for the tracking results based on the `id` recorded earlier (`GET {{api-url}}/api/v1/eta/tracking/bill-of-lading-bookmarks/<id>`)


## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 1.0.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```shell
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/oauth2
go get golang.org/x/net/context
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```golang
import sw "./portcast"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```golang
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

## Configuration of Server URL

Default configuration comes with `Servers` field that contains server objects as defined in the OpenAPI specification.

### Select Server Configuration

For using other server than the one defined on index 0 set context value `sw.ContextServerIndex` of type `int`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextServerIndex, 1)
```

### Templated Server URL

Templated server URL is formatted using default variables from configuration or from context value `sw.ContextServerVariables` of type `map[string]string`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextServerVariables, map[string]string{
	"basePath": "v2",
})
```

Note, enum values are always validated and all unused variables are silently ignored.

### URLs Configuration per Operation

Each operation can use different server URL defined using `OperationServers` map in the `Configuration`.
An operation is uniquely identifield by `"{classname}Service.{nickname}"` string.
Similar rules for overriding default operation server index and variables applies by using `sw.ContextOperationServerIndices` and `sw.ContextOperationServerVariables` context maps.

```
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextOperationServerIndices, map[string]int{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": 2,
})
ctx = context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextOperationServerVariables, map[string]map[string]string{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": {
		"port": "8443",
	},
})
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.portcast.io/api/v1*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*BillOfLadingBookmarksApi* | [**EtaBillOfLadingBookmarksBillOfLadingBookmarkIdDelete**](docs/BillOfLadingBookmarksApi.md#etabillofladingbookmarksbillofladingbookmarkiddelete) | **Delete** /eta/bill-of-lading-bookmarks/{bill_of_lading_bookmark_id} | Delete a particular bill of lading bookmark by ID
*BillOfLadingBookmarksApi* | [**EtaBillOfLadingBookmarksBillOfLadingBookmarkIdGet**](docs/BillOfLadingBookmarksApi.md#etabillofladingbookmarksbillofladingbookmarkidget) | **Get** /eta/bill-of-lading-bookmarks/{bill_of_lading_bookmark_id} | Get a particular bill of lading bookmark by ID
*BillOfLadingBookmarksApi* | [**EtaBillOfLadingBookmarksGet**](docs/BillOfLadingBookmarksApi.md#etabillofladingbookmarksget) | **Get** /eta/bill-of-lading-bookmarks | Get a list of bookmarked bill of ladings
*BillOfLadingBookmarksApi* | [**EtaBillOfLadingBookmarksPost**](docs/BillOfLadingBookmarksApi.md#etabillofladingbookmarkspost) | **Post** /eta/bill-of-lading-bookmarks | Create a new bill of lading bookmark
*BookingBookmarksApi* | [**EtaBookingPost**](docs/BookingBookmarksApi.md#etabookingpost) | **Post** /eta/booking | Create new bookmarks for booking
*DefaultApi* | [**HealthcheckGet**](docs/DefaultApi.md#healthcheckget) | **Get** /healthcheck | Health Check API
*TrackingApi* | [**EtaTrackingBillOfLadingBookmarksBillOfLadingBookmarkIdGet**](docs/TrackingApi.md#etatrackingbillofladingbookmarksbillofladingbookmarkidget) | **Get** /eta/tracking/bill-of-lading-bookmarks/{bill_of_lading_bookmark_id} | Get bill of lading bookmark tracking results for a particular bill of lading bookmark by ID
*TrackingApi* | [**EtaTrackingBillOfLadingBookmarksGet**](docs/TrackingApi.md#etatrackingbillofladingbookmarksget) | **Get** /eta/tracking/bill-of-lading-bookmarks | Get a list of bill of lading bookmark tracking results based on filters


## Documentation For Models

 - [AuthError](docs/AuthError.md)
 - [BookingBookmarkResponse](docs/BookingBookmarkResponse.md)
 - [BookingBookmarkResponseExisted](docs/BookingBookmarkResponseExisted.md)
 - [BookingBookmarks](docs/BookingBookmarks.md)
 - [Bookmark](docs/Bookmark.md)
 - [BookmarkResponse](docs/BookmarkResponse.md)
 - [InlineResponse200](docs/InlineResponse200.md)
 - [InlineResponse2001](docs/InlineResponse2001.md)
 - [InlineResponse2002](docs/InlineResponse2002.md)
 - [MessageModel](docs/MessageModel.md)
 - [TrackingEvent](docs/TrackingEvent.md)
 - [TrackingEventAis](docs/TrackingEventAis.md)
 - [TrackingEventBillOfLading](docs/TrackingEventBillOfLading.md)
 - [TrackingEventBillOfLadingBookmark](docs/TrackingEventBillOfLadingBookmark.md)
 - [TrackingEventContainerEventList](docs/TrackingEventContainerEventList.md)
 - [TrackingEventSailingInfo](docs/TrackingEventSailingInfo.md)
 - [TrackingEventSailingInfoTracking](docs/TrackingEventSailingInfoTracking.md)
 - [TrackingEventVoyageDetails](docs/TrackingEventVoyageDetails.md)


## Documentation For Authorization



### authorization

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: authorization
- **Location**: HTTP header

Note, each API key must be added to a map of `map[string]APIKey` where the key is: authorization and passed in as the auth context for each request.


### x-api-key

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: x-api-key
- **Location**: HTTP header

Note, each API key must be added to a map of `map[string]APIKey` where the key is: x-api-key and passed in as the auth context for each request.


### x-org-api-key

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: x-org-api-key
- **Location**: HTTP header

Note, each API key must be added to a map of `map[string]APIKey` where the key is: x-org-api-key and passed in as the auth context for each request.


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`

## Author



